Initial draft (#19144)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/guide/private-link.md

4. Click **Verify**. If this does not return _Service name found_, reach out to [Datadog support][1].

5. Next, choose the VPC and subnets that should be peered with the Datadog VPC service endpoint. Do not select **Enable DNS name** as VPC peering requires DNS to be manually configured.

6. Choose the security group of your choice to control what can send traffic to this VPC endpoint.

   **Note**: **The security group must accept inbound traffic on TCP port `443`**.

7. Click **Create endpoint** at the bottom of the screen. If successful, the following is displayed:

{{< img src="agent/guide/private_link/vpc_endpoint_created.png" alt="VPC endpoint created" style="width:80%;" >}}

8. Click on the VPC endpoint ID to check its status.
9. Wait for the status to move from _Pending_ to _Available_. This can take up to 10 minutes.
10. After creating the endpoint, use VPC peering to make the PrivateLink endpoint available in another region to send telemetry to Datadog over PrivateLink. For more information, read the [Work With VPC Peering connections][2] page in AWS.

{{< img src="agent/guide/private_link/vpc_status.png" alt="VPC status" style="width:80%;" >}}

### Amazon Route53

> 1. Create a [Route53 private hosted zone][3] for each service you have created an AWS PrivateLink endpoint for. Attach the private hosted zone to the VPC in `us-east-1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a [Route53 private hosted zone][3] for each service you have created an AWS PrivateLink endpoint for. Attach the private hosted zone to the VPC in `ap-northeast-1`.
```

   **Notes**:
  - To retrieve your DNS name, see the [View endpoint service private DNS name configuration documentation.][4]
  - The Agent sends telemetry to versioned endpoints, for example, `<version>-app.agent.ap1.datadoghq.com` which resolves to `metrics.agent.ap1.datadoghq.com` through a CNAME alias. Therefore, you only need to set up a private hosted zone for `metrics.agent.ap1.datadoghq.com`.

{{< img src="agent/guide/private_link/create-an-a-record.png" alt="Create an A record" style="width:90%;" >}}

3. Configure VPC peering and routing between the VPC in `ap-northeast-1` that contains the Datadog PrivateLink endpoints and the VPC in the region where the Datadog Agents run.

4. If the VPCs are in different AWS accounts, the VPC containing the Datadog Agent must be authorized to associate with the Route53 private hosted zones before continuing. Create a [VPC association authorization][5] for each Route53 private hosted zone using the region and VPC ID of the VPC where the Datadog Agent runs. This option is not available in the AWS Console. It must be configured using the AWS CLI, SDK, or API.

5. Edit the Route53 hosted zone to add the non-us-east-1 VPC.

> {{< img src="agent/guide/private_link/edit-route53-hosted-zone.png" alt="Edit a Route53 private hosted zone" style="width:80%;" >}}

Reviewer: Similar to the previous comment, we could update this screenshot to show AP1, but it's also not a big deal (and might be a headache to to change this for future supported regions anyways).
